So another kind of example of that,
we kind of go over to the next piece
is to kind of take a look at this
slightly problematic piece of code and
I'm gonna leave it to you for
a few minutes just to kind
of just read there and
see if you can figure out what's going on.
But TypeScript as it loads is
not going to be particularly
pleased with this piece of code.
So spend a few minutes, look at it,
and just kinda see if you can.
The Code Query works, but it's not
actually working the way react intends it
to work in TypeScript notice
that it's trying to help you.
So I want you to do is kind of look at it
play around with and figure out, can you
read the error message and figure out like
what we need to do to appease TypeScript,
PS TypeScript in order to really,
truly appease react.